In 1977.
A signal was received.
It is the only recorded incident of alien contact.
The source of the transmission has never been revealed.
Until now.
Ohhh!!
Is that it?
No, it's another spaceship that fell out of the sky, dumbass.
Daddy likes.
What else they got in there?
There's a trigger in here but it doesn't do anything.
Where's my phone?! I gotta make a vine!
Conflict is coming.
But we need your help.
I think they gave me amnesia.
Anesthesia.
Shut up dude. Ya'll stupid. I'm outta here.
You expect me to train these idiots!
Get the hell out of here man. I know what I'm doing.
Let's crank this baby up to a hundred.
Next.
The repulser defensive gauntlet produces an energy shield.
Yeah. I just have a quick question before we begin. How exactly...
Ohawwgh!
Your new uniforms.
They are not anti-flammable.
They are flammable.
They will not retard flames.
Are you expecting us to catch on fire?
Oh!
I should go.
This alien is gonna be here in two days.
If we're not there to fight it, who's gonna be?
Are you with me?
Hell no!
What're you doing?
I'm having a beer.
I just ran for three miles.
Yeah, like a quarter mile at a time.
Woooohoo!
They're actually working together.
If anything comes at you, I... will... block it.
Why the hell are we Lazer Team anyway?
Because I have a laser.
Yeah. But the rest of us don't.
Right. You're the team part.
Nobody cares about your stupid name.
The helmet heightens all mental functions.
And other visual enhancements.
Guys.
The hell is your problem?
Oh! Turn it off! Oh God! I wish I was dead!